[DOC-2728] [DOC-2886] - CodeCov tutorial, run step setting, run script in run step (#1177)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-ci-scripts/run-a-script-in-a-ci-stage.md

7. Select **Apply Changes** to save the step, and then select **Save** to save the pipeline.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="YAML" label="YAML">
```

In Harness, go to the pipeline where you want to add the `Run` step. In the `CI` stage, add a [Run step](/docs/continuous-integration/ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings).

For all build infrastructures, you must specify `type`, `name`, `identifier`, `shell`, and `command`. The following examples shows the minimum settings for a `Run` step.

```yaml
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: Run pytest # Specify a name for the step.
                  identifier: Run_pytest # Define a step ID, usually based on the name.
                  spec:
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |-
                      # Enter commands/script.
```

> Depending on your build infrastructure and the commands you are running, `connectorRef` and `image` may be required. These settings define a container registry connector and image containing the binaries that the step needs to run your script. For example, a cURL scripts may require a cURL image, such as `curlimages/curl:7.73.0`. For information about when these settings are required and how to specify images, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). The following example shows a `Run` step with `connectorRef` and `image`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your build infrastructure and the commands you are running, `connectorRef` and `image` might be required. These settings define a container registry connector and image containing the binaries that the step needs to run your script. For example, a cURL script might require a cURL image, such as `curlimages/curl:7.73.0`. For information about when these settings are required and how to specify images, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). The following example shows a `Run` step with `connectorRef` and `image`:
```

> Depending on your build infrastructure and the commands you are running, `connectorRef` and `image` may be required. These settings define a container registry connector and image containing the binaries that the step needs to run your script. For example, a cURL scripts may require a cURL image, such as `curlimages/curl:7.73.0`. For information about when these settings are required and how to specify images, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). The following example shows a `Run` step with `connectorRef` and `image`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your build infrastructure and the commands you are running, `connectorRef` and `image` might be required. These settings define a container registry connector and image containing the binaries that the step needs to run your script. For example, a cURL script may require a cURL image such as `curlimages/curl:7.73.0`. For information about when these settings are required and how to specify images, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). 

The following example shows a `Run` step with `connectorRef` and `image`:
```

```yaml
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: Run pytest # Specify a name for the step.
                  identifier: Run_pytest # Define a step ID, usually based on the name.
                  spec:
                    connectorRef: account.harnessImage # Specify a container registry, if required.
                    image: python:latest # Specify an image, if required.
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |-
                      # Enter a command or script.
```

> Define other settings as necessary. For example, if the `command` runs tests, you might specify report paths, and, if your script requires a token or secret, you might supply the token as `envVariables` For information about these settings, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). The following example includes `reports` settings and commands that run tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define other settings as necessary. For example, if the `command` runs tests, you might specify report paths.  If your script requires a token or secret, you might supply the token as `envVariables`. For information about these settings, go to the [Run step settings reference](../../ci-technical-reference/run-step-settings.md). 

The following example includes `reports` settings and commands that run tests.
```
